Welcome to the anniversary of the story
Such an important cup of tea
Why did you bring him here?
I would like to take this opportunity
Say a few words to my husband
If you have anything to say, go home and say it
Come to the hard way
Before that
Lu Zhan doesn't even know that I am Gu Qianyun
So what you call climbing
It's just a slander against him
and
Even so
Then there is something wrong between the two of you.
The account is wrong.
Who said the people don't care?
Jia Qianjin and the assistant to the president I think are a good match
But sister, you obviously have a better choice
Why does that match me?
Lu Da Shaomu
I don't care
And just now
I have already spoken to Grandpa Lu
Cancelled the doll ordered by our two families, dear.
What did you do behind my back?
You can't raise a white-eyed wolf
you
This is all the money I've saved from selling flowers over the years
I will repay you for your kindness to my eyes
Is it really impossible for you and Young Master Lu?
Well, your brother-in-law
Only by this
Although Mr. Luo didn't come today
But I must like your cooperation with the Gu family very much.
Enough gas
sister
Mom
What are you doing?
Sister has never done anything sorry for the story
She doesn't want to save the former lady herself
Could it be that our story will continue to support her?
That would be fine.
Wait for me to multiply
Just take my sister away